Add ability to add custom columns (#1)
pradeepnschrodinger/msa: README.md

    labelPartition: false,
    labelCheckbox: false,
    labelIdentity: 'Ident',

>     customColumnsGetter: columnGetterFunc // this is a custom function which will return information (cell, width, header) of custom columns, it will take index of the column as an arguement and will of the following signature: (index: number) => {width: number, cell: function || string || DOMElement, header: function || string || DOMElement}
>     customColumnsCount: 3 //number of custom columns

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    /*
      this can be overridden with a custom function of the following signature:
        (index: number) => ColumnInfo
      where ColumnInfo represents the details about a column:
        {
          width: number, 
          header: (function | string | DOMElement),
          cell: (function | string | DOMElement),
        }
      `header` or `cell` can also be a function of the following signature:
        (seqId: string) => (string | DOMElement)
    */
    customColumnsGetter: undefined,

    customColumnsCount: 0, // number of custom columns
```
